Anomalies are starting to appear.
Doorways in time...
to worlds we can barely imagine.
The anomalies are conclusive
proof that the past exists.
In a fourth dimension is real and
solid as those we already know.
Our job is to predict and contain them.
Helen Cutter came
to this area eight years ago.
She disappeared in the forest,
but her body was never found.
Helen!
Helen is alive!
She is waiting you in the
other side of the anomaly.
Where are you, Helen?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Anthony?
The magnetic field is remaining
consistent about 5 Tesla.
At this point there's
no sign of deterioration.
Let me demonstrate.
Who's that idiot?
Connor Temple. He looks like a half-wit,
but he has a very good brain.
Bull's eye!
It kills me every time!
We may stand
on the brink of Armageddon.
But at least we have
an irritating student on our side.
- How reassuring.
- Is this thing still on?
The previous
anomaly proved to be temporary.
As you've just heard
this one shows no sign of weakening.
The anomalies may be intermittent.
And they fade from time to time
but they never completely disappear.
If that were true, creatures
would have come through it before.
Maybe they have.
Ancient civilizations spoke
of monsters and dragons.
Perhaps they
weren't as naive as we assumed.
The anomalies are conclusive
proof that the past exists.
In a fourth dimension as
real and solid as those we already know.
Our job is to predict and contain them.
- We need to establish-
- Thank you, Professor.
We'll take this from here.
The professor is speaking
in an independent capacity.
Official policy has yet to be finalized.
It appears we may have another one.
You really can't remember a thing?
Not a thing after I went into the tunnels.
Probably for the best though, right?
Still, they say it should be
only short term, so... you know?
It’s all been pretty scary, hasn’t it?
You know, it's not until
you got bitten, that I though that...
one of us might actually die
from doing this.
It really upset me.
- You must have gone through hell!
- Yeah.
It did make me think
about what's important though.
You know?
Sorts out your priorities a bit.
If you get killed, can I get you iPod?
Is that perfume?
I can do the girl thing, you know?
You look really good.
Thanks.
It's good of you both to come,
but you shouldn't have bothered.
Don't flatter yourself.
Some of us just
like to hang out with nurses.
Come on, I'll give you a lift home.
Oh, there's no need.
My girlfriend is picking me up.
Girlfriend?
Allison. She's been in the rainforest
for 2 years researching infectious diseases.
As long as she's not one of those girls
that brings the work home with her.
You must have missed her.
Yeah.
I'd better go. Bye.
Two years?
How much sex are they
gonna have over the next few days!
Sorry.
It's alright.
Well, so much for the girl thing.
I think you look great.
It's pretty obvious she killed her boyfriend
but we don't know what she did the body.
Just keeps babbling on
about monsters and sea serpents.
Would you allow me to talk with her?
What about? Monsters?
I’m conducting a serious...
- ...murder investigation here-
- Look, there's no murder.
Anthony Barton was killed
by an ancient marine predator...
which then returned to its
home millions of years in the past.
Who are you people?
I'm sorry.
Thanks for your time, inspector.
Cutter, wait!
- The girl's innocent.
- I know.
We can't let her go to jail
for something she didn't do.
Leave that with me.
I'll do what I can for her.
With all this chlorine in the pool I'm
surprised the creature even came through.
To a reptile it would have been
like swimming in a bucket of acid.
Yeah, it probably sensed the danger and
got out fast before the anomaly closed.
So... how's Allison?
Jet-lagged.
You see, it’s funny, because you always
gave the impression like you were single.
That's funny. I didn't think I was
giving any impression whatsoever.
You'd be surprised.
Connor. I'm flattered.
But you're really not my type.
- Police charged Diane Johnson
- I know.
- We have to intervene!
- We're not gonna do that.
- Why not?
- Because I won't allow the story...
to become public property.
At least in prison...
the newspapers can't get hold of her.
So you're just going to let them
lock up an innocent traumatised girl.
Of course it's undesirable...
but it would be far worst to release
her to cause panic and disorder.
I'll see that the charges are dropped
when the immediate crisis is under control.
That could take months!
And would you rather tell the police
that an ancient sea monster...
is cruising our swimming pools
consuming lifeguards?
I know the injustice stinks, but...
the correct decision is often painful.
That's the burden of government.
Well, the DNA is conclusive.
It's the boy from the swimming pool.
Or what's left of him.
That's a bolus.
A regurgitated mass of flesh and bone.
The beast swallowed him whole and
then vomited up what it couldn’t digest.
What type of creature could
have done this to him?
What you should be asking
yourself is how the remains of a boy...
who was attacked in the swimming pool
ended up 20 miles away in a reservoir.
Maybe there never was an anomaly.
Maybe the girl murdered her
boyfriend in the swimming pool...
and dumped his body in the reservoir.
Very likely, provided you also believe
she swallowed him whole and then...
drove 20 miles down the
motorway to regurgitate his remains.
All right, then you explain it.
We know it's the same beast
in the pool and the reservoir.
Perhaps the anomaly
has a fixed point of origin in the past.
Yet, somehow
it remains fluid in our time.
They don't just open. They move.
- How are you?
- All right.
We haven't found anything yet.
No creature, no anomaly, no nothing.
They're still searching the reservoir, but
with any luck. The anomaly's closed again.
I need detailed local maps.
Lists of swimming pools, rivers,
lakes, anything nearby.
- Can you get those for me?
- Should I be asking why?
Just an idea.
Do you know what I miss?
Those soul-crushingly
dull civil service meetings,
that made suicide look like
an exciting career option.
I used to sit there praying
something would happen in my life.
Careful what you wish for.
Professor!
You're really gonna want to see this.
The reservoir is land-locked, right?
Yes.
So allowing for condensation and rainfall,
the depth should be pretty consistent.
Yes.
Well, I made this mark
at water level earlier.
The water level's
fallen 40 centimetres since then.
This isn't a reservoir
anymore, it's a tidal lake.
The water's literally pouring out of it.
It must be flowing out
through the anomaly.
Which means
it's still down there, somewhere.
Here you are.
Thanks very much.
Thinking about Helen?
How do you know that?
Highly trained civil servant. We're
famous for our emotional empathy.
Whatever I'm doing, she's always
there. She never really goes away.
It's strange.
Of all the people in the world to
hallucinate about, Stephen chose Helen.
Steam.
Don't you see?
The tide must be coming in, bringing in
warmer water from the other side.
The steam is telling us
exactly where the anomaly is.
I suppose there's no point
in asking you not to go down with them.
- You don't have to worry about me.
- I'm not,
I was thinking of all the paperwork
I will have to do if you drown.
You've no idea how many
forms I'd have to fill in.
What if you're right and
the creature's still down there?
We'll find it.
All right.
See, why does Stephen
get all the fun stuff to do...
while we get stuck
collecting water samples?
He looks better on a wet suit.
That’s debateable. I could do the
action stuff as well, you know?
I'm not just a massive intellect.
He doesn't remember a thing,
you know? Stephen.
That's not the point.
He knew what he was doing when he
asked me out, he knew he had a girlfriend.
Yeah, and he had also just been
poisoned by a giant centipede,
that might have
affected his judgement just a little bit.
What am I saying? You know,
you're right, he's a two-timing weasel...
and maybe you should put that
down to experience and move on.
You know, there's
plenty more fish in the sea.
Abby?
What's that?
Don't move!
Go!
Quickly, Abby!
Jump! You're okay?
Move there!
No back!
Connor! Careful!
Some kind of mosasaur.
Maybe six or seven metres.
Cretaceous, at a guess.
Scary.
And at that size,
it couldn’t have been fully-grown.
- "Take deep breaths."
- Yeah.
Which is just as well for you.
They’re all really
upset about losing the diver.
Tell me exactly what happened.
He swam through right in front of me.
He should have been
able to make it back through.
Something must have stopped him.
Are you absolutely
certain the anomaly’s closed?
Straight after
the mosasaur went back through.
The water temperature’s
already returned to normal.
Then we’ve lost him.
Yeah.
You saved my life.
I did, didn’t I?
- Okay
- What?
- You can let go now.
- Oh, yeah, I’m sorry. I just…
Thanks.
The anomalies are times
equivalent of an earthquake.
Strong enough to rip apart
the boundaries between dimensions.
My guess is that the fault line...
ruptured at the swimming pool,
then ran to the reservoir.
It could crash its way
through into our time again...
anywhere along this line.
Earthquakes? Temporal fault lines?
Are we trying a little too hard people?
It’s random chance, that’s all.
There’s no connection with any of it.
Try to look on the bright side, Cutter.
The anomaly’s gone, the crisis is over
and I’d say we got off pretty lightly.
Except that a good man in now
permanently marooned in the past.
There could be another breach along
the fault line at any given moment.
You should be stationing troops
at every significant body of water...
between the reservoir and the coast.
The press would be crawling all over us in
seconds. How on Earth would we explain it?
- You admit that it’s all conjecture.
- Yes, of course it is,
but I’m right.
You people, you’re worse
than the climate change mob.
One cold day in July
and suddenly it’s the new Ice Age.
You’re making a mistake.
If and when
the anomaly breaks through again,
I guarantee you...
it will be somewhere along this line.
Okay, guys. Ten minutes before school.
Mosasaur, right?
Cretaceous era marine predator.
Anything from 2 to 20 meters
in length and two tonnes in weight.
Extinct 65 million years ago.
I was reading that.
What’s this? A new project?
No. No, no, no, just interested.
Oh, is that the time?
I’m going to have to go.
Whoa, what’s the rush?
It’s DVD night.
‘Battlefield Earth’,
director’s commentaries.
Your turn to get the pizza.
Right.
You know what?
You can have it on me.
I’ve really got to be somewhere.
What’s got into him?
Maybe he’s still angry
over our practical joke.
Come on. That fake
dinosaur was a masterpiece.
Yeah. Perhaps he’s got a girlfriend.
Well, it must be pretty radical.
He missed my Gerry Anderson
marathon last weekend as well.
- Said he wasn’t interested.
- How weird is that?
Why the sudden obsession with dinosaurs?
Maybe he’s onto something.
A dig somewhere,
a good fossil, something
he wants to keep to himself.
Which would be selfish.
You know, I think we need
to keep a closer eye on that boy.
Helen.
Come on, let’s go.
I’ve been remembering things.
You mean Helen?
Why didn’t you tell anyone?
- Did you go looking for her?
- Look, if she wanted to talk to me...
then she could have.
Why keep playing games with me?
You mean this isn’t the first time?
- How long have you known she was alive?
- Look, not long.
But all these years,
she let me think she was dead.
She let me go through that.
What does that tell you?
Come on, there could be all kinds
of reasons why she stayed away.
The point is she wants to see you now.
- She left you to die on your own.
- Maybe she thought help was coming.
Maybe she didn’t care.
You think I don’t
want to know what happened?
I’ve thought
of nothing else for eight years.
But what if…
What if the
truth is worse than not knowing?
Are you going to tell the others?
No, it’s not my call.
But if she was my wife,
- I’d go through a million anomalies.
- Yeah, but she isn’t, is she?
But she was important to me too.
I know that.
Are you coming?
I thought you said you got a leak in the
washing machine. Not an indoor pool.
Can you stop it?
We’ll see.
Well your connections are fine.
It must be a mains leak.
Well, your dog’s enjoying a swim anyway.
We haven’t got a dog.
Help!
Help me!
Are you all right?
We haven’t clarified
the exact picture yet, but...
it looks like a plumber was
attacked in some woman’s cellar.
I’m not surprised, have you seen
how much these people charge?
She claims that the damage was
done by some kind of large reptile.
And I suppose you’re going to tell me...
this town lies directly
on Cutter’s mythical fault line.
I’m really beginning to dislike that man.
All units, a second body
has been found in the basement.
I repeat, a second body
Zero to team Bravo.
Move into position and set up…
Hold on.
I want the press
kept as far away from this as possible.
If we have to, we go
with an escaped crocodile story,
but apart from that, we deny everything.
Sir.
Claudia speaking.
Right.
Thank you. Bye-bye.
They found a body in the basement.
Special forces diver.
Great.
It’s our diver.
The man we lost in the reservoir.
Looks like he died of shock.
They found this tied around his wrist.
We don’t know how the hell it got there.
What kept you?
What is it?
Helen’s mad old aunt used
to give us those handkerchiefs.
Same present every
single birthday and Christmas.
And we used to make jokes about them.
That’s a message.
It means Helen’s waiting for me
on the other side of the anomaly.
Just like she was in the Underground.
Yeah.
Why didn’t you tell me?
You lied to me, to all of us.
Try and see it from my perspective.
I had just found out...
- ...that my dead wife was still alive.
- She might know things.
Things that could help us.
You have no right to decide what we
should know and when we should know it.
She’s my wife.
Maybe in your mind that gives you
some kind of special privilege.
But this affects all of us.
If you can’t see that,
then you just can’t be here anymore.
What?
My memory’s back.
Some of it anyhow. Enough
to know why you’re angry with me.
Well, we’ve got a job to do Stephen.
Can we at least talk about it?
Look, I over-reacted.
I’ve already forgotten about it.
I remember and you forget. Typical.
Look,
I thought that I was
never going to see you again...
and I didn’t want to die without you
knowing that I liked you, you know.
You should have been
thinking about your girlfriend.
Yeah, well, the truth is, she and I,
well, we don’t know
each other that well anymore.
Well, now she’s back, you’ve got
a chance to get reacquainted.
Abby, I’m sorry.
Look,
there’s no need
to make a big thing out of it.
I fancied you for
a bit and now I don’t. That’s all.
Area secured sir.
The revelation that Helen Cutter’s
still alive changes everything.
She’s still alive?
- Um, how did I miss that?
- It's a long story.
So, eight years,
she’s been living in the past.
My God.
How are we going to explain
Celebrity Love Island to her?
Shut up Connor.
She’s eight years ahead of us in terms
of understanding the anomalies.
Her knowledge could be
priceless and we have to share it.
Which is fine if she
was here, but she isn’t.
Which is why
we’re going to go and find her.
We know she wants to make contact. She must
be brought back here, by force if necessary.
This is my wife you’re talking about.
Which is why I want you to go through
the anomaly and bring her back.
You will of course
have a military escort.
To do what?
Shoot her if she won’t come back?
To protect you.
Both of you.
The alternative is you sever all ties with
the anomaly project with immediate effect.
And we’ll go and find her ourselves.
Okay.
On one condition.
I go on my own.
There’s no question of force.
I’ll do my best, but if she doesn’t
want to come back, then that’s it.
How can we trust you?
Oh, I’m sure Professor Cutter
won’t let us down again.
You will try and remember
what side you’re on, won’t you?
Okay, so you’ve got about
an hour of air, and a mile of rope.
Take a compass reference
as soon as you get there,
and just stay attached.
After two hours, we’ll reel you back in.
The water pressure in the
anomaly is going to be intense, okay?
So the harder you swim,
the more air you’re going to use.
Now this has an effective
range of about ten metres.
If you have
to use it against a predator,
wait until you
see the whites of its teeth.
Helen!
Hello Nick!
I see you got my message.
You’ve lost weight.
You haven’t been eating properly.
You let me think you were dead.
I am dead as the person you knew.
My old life ended eight years ago.
You can turn around.
I’m decent.
There’s no easy way to do this, is there?
Well, maybe we should just skip the
small talk. Why didn’t you come back?
What are you really upset about Nick?
That I stayed away, or that
I didn’t tell you what I was doing?
I’m not upset Helen. I just
don’t know who you are anymore.
Do you want to know
why I didn’t come back?
Because I knew...
your conscience would make you
throw all this out there for everyone...
to trample over and
I wasn’t ready to share it then.
Hesperonis. Scary up close,
but cumbersome...
and very stupid.
What do you want Nick? An apology?
- What’s the point?
- 8 years of my life back would be nice.
Look, come on.
People grieve and then they heal.
It happens all the time.
Why should you be any different?
Well, why come back at all then?
Let me guess, you want something.
Abby!
- How long has he been?
- 91 minutes, 41 seconds.
The drains. Stephen!
In theory, a creature could make
its way along the sewage system...
all the way to the river.
And once it’s there,
it could go anywhere.
And?
Well, good news is the size of the
drains rules out anything bigger than...
- ...a small mosasaur.
- Well, how small?
Not small enough.
What’s going on?
You’ve come back before?
Did you watch me grieve?
Did you come to the funeral?
No. Was it good?
It was okay.
I’ll answer all your questions, Nick.
All you have to do is come with me.
There are more anomalies
than you can possibly imagine.
I know how to find them.
I asked you a question.
Why do you want me now?
After so long?
I’m human.
I want company.
I want to share this...
incredible gift.
But only with you.
Nick, I have seen such wonders.
Things you wouldn’t believe.
You’re asking me to abandon my life.
Leave behind everything I know.
People are dying back home, and you
want me to just run away with you?
Animals die, Nick. Species die.
You know I’m right.
One day,
humanity will disappear,
just like the dinosaurs.
And nature doesn’t care,
something else will just take our place.
Nick, just leave
all the other stuff behind.
Come with me.
I’ve got a job to do,
you could help me if you like.
You’re rejecting me?
I’m asking you to come back with me.
I offer you the key to time.
The key to time, Nick!
And you turn your back on it?
- You call yourself a scientist?
- I call myself a human being.
His time's up.
Stephen, that’s two hours.
He’ll be running out of air.
Come on, come on!
- He’s lost his tank!
- Quick, get him out!
Cutter!
Get his head up.
He’s not breathing!
Medic!
Get some air inside him.
Bring him up.
¡Wait! ¡Go, go, go!
- Was Helen with you?
- Yes.
So she was there.
- You know what to do.
- Let’s go.
- Who’s this?
- Sorry, it’s out of my hands.
What?
How long have I been out for?
Not long.
I have to talk to Claudia.
There’s something you should know.
- Stand still. Don’t move!
- What’s going on?
Stay still!
Subtitles by subXpacio
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org